README.md, before:

# Open Cluster Management Community

![image](assets/ocm-logo.png)

Welcome to the Open Cluster Management(OCM) community!

This is the starting point for joining and contributing to the OCM community - improving docs, improving code, giving talks etc.

The open-cluster-management.io project is focused on enabling end-to-end visibility and control across your Kubernetes clusters.

Release information can be found here: https://open-cluster-management.io/community/releases/

Please read the [MISSION.md](MISSION.md) statement for more information.

### Community meetings

The community meets on a weekly cadence alternating between Friday at 01:30 UTC and Thursday at 14:00 UTC. The Thursday meeting is on demand basis.

Meeting Agenda and Topics can be found here: https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/community/projects/1.
  
  Meeting dial-in details, meeting notes and agendas are announced and published to the [open-cluster-management mailing list on Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/g/open-cluster-management).

### Get connected

See the following options to connect with the community:

 - [Website](https://open-cluster-management.io)
 - [Slack](https://kubernetes.slack.com/channels/open-cluster-mgmt)
 - [WeChat](https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/community/blob/main/COMMUNICATION.md#wechat)
 - [Mailing group](https://groups.google.com/g/open-cluster-management)
 - [Community meetings](https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/community/projects/1)
 - [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/OpenClusterManagement)

Commit message:

update community meeting time with office hours and update communication page
Signed-off-by: Mike Ng <ming@redhat.com>

README.md, after:

# Open Cluster Management Community

![image](assets/ocm-logo.png)

Welcome to the Open Cluster Management(OCM) community!

This is the starting point for joining and contributing to the OCM community - improving docs, improving code, giving talks etc.

The open-cluster-management.io project is focused on enabling end-to-end visibility and control across your Kubernetes clusters.

Release information can be found here: https://open-cluster-management.io/community/releases/

Please read the [MISSION.md](MISSION.md) statement for more information.

### Community meetings and office hours

The community meets on bi-weekly cadence Friday at 01:30 UTC.
The office hours is on bi-weekly cadence Wednesday at 17:00 UTC.

Refer to the meeting calendar for the latest schedule: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/embed?src=openclustermanagement@gmail.com.

Meeting Agenda and Topics can be found here: https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/community/projects/1.
  
  Meeting dial-in details, meeting notes and agendas are announced and published to the [open-cluster-management mailing list on Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/g/open-cluster-management).

### Get connected

See the following options to connect with the community:

 - [Website](https://open-cluster-management.io)
 - [Slack](https://kubernetes.slack.com/channels/open-cluster-mgmt)
 - [WeChat](https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/community/blob/main/COMMUNICATION.md#wechat)
 - [Mailing group](https://groups.google.com/g/open-cluster-management)
 - [Community meetings and office hours](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/embed?src=openclustermanagement@gmail.com)
 - [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/OpenClusterManagement)
