docs/template_README.md, before:

# Replace with <repo_name>

[![License](https://img.shields.io/:license-apache-blue.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)

## What is repo_name?

Example header: What is the `multicloud-operators-subscription` repository?

Example description: With <repo_name>, you can....

Go to the [Contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to get involved.

## Getting started

- Steps for development: 

  - Be sure every step is a task the user needs to take. 
  - You can also give the user the results or summary after the step. But results/summaries are not numbered as steps. 
  - Keep tasks goal oriented.
  - Sub steps are tabbed in under the main step.

- Steps for deployment:

- Check the [Security guide](SECURITY.md) if you need to report a security issue.

## References

- The <repo_name> is part of the `open-cluster-management` community. For more information, visit: [open-cluster-management.io](https://open-cluster-management.io).
- Optional: List and link of additional references if needed.

Commit message:

add a special note that quay.io images might not contain the latest changes
Signed-off-by: Mike Ng <ming@redhat.com>

docs/template_README.md, after:

# Replace with <repo_name>

[![License](https://img.shields.io/:license-apache-blue.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)

## What is repo_name?

Example header: What is the `multicloud-operators-subscription` repository?

Example description: With <repo_name>, you can....

Go to the [Contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to get involved.

## Getting started

- Steps for development: 

  - Be sure every step is a task the user needs to take. 
  - You can also give the user the results or summary after the step. But results/summaries are not numbered as steps. 
  - Keep tasks goal oriented.
  - Sub steps are tabbed in under the main step.

- Steps for deployment:

  - List of steps for deployment.
  - Please be aware of the community's [deployment images](https://github.com/open-cluster-management/community#deployment-images) special note.

- Check the [Security guide](SECURITY.md) if you need to report a security issue.

## References

- The <repo_name> is part of the `open-cluster-management` community. For more information, visit: [open-cluster-management.io](https://open-cluster-management.io).
- Optional: List and link of additional references if needed.
